JyraWing design plans:
These are a list of things to be done in order to finish JyraWing

Design:
Redo first level to use new mechanics/design
Balance out level 2
Make a boss for level 2.
Work out level 3 and 4.
Balance level 3 and 4
bosses for level 3 and 4
All of level 5.

I am changing the shooting mechanics slightly, and it will require me to rebalance everything
a little. I am taking out autofire and opting for a "fire as fast as you can press the button"
style, because that's what I like. This is going to make enemy encounters different. It will
also remove that powerup. Maybe keep autofire, but the fire rate isn't super fast.

With only one powerup left, the speed, I am taking out powerups completely. Instead you will have the
shield mechanic which is the "twist" that this will hang on. With all of the levels put together I
am shooting for the game being 20 minutes long. Maybe even compress that to 15. Lives will be lives
from the beginning.  As a free download, that's about as much time as I can hope take from the
average player. Should I consider WebGL? Support for it seems to be a little wonky right now.
Maybe worth investigating.

I am not going to use my own art anymore. I am going to start taking open source and buying art.
That's a lot of art to replace.

The enemy types are fine, but each enemy visual look needs to fire at the same speed and have
the same amount of health. Throwing out similar looking enemies that do different things is confusing
to the player. I should start getting recolors of the different enemies.

So that's a lot to do. 
I can't really make up good time estimates for this stuff right now.
I am working on the boss for level 2 right now. Should be done by 6/13/16. During this time I will
also need to make the change to firing, but that should be trivial.

6/8/16
Boss for level 2 doesn't have animations but it at least works. The change to firing works. I am going to start
reworking all of the AI so fire rates and health are always the same for any instance of an enemy. Alterations
to these rates need to be different colors.
I am going back on some of the changes I said I would make.
I want to finish this game eventually and I can't do that if I am turning it into something else all of the time.
The game I was making was still valuable and I want to finish it. I am still going to make the change to making
enemy health consistent because that's just a good design thing, but other than that, the player fire rate, the
new art, I want to keep everything as it was before. SO now I need to implement the level 2 boss art I have
finished and I can move onto level 3.

6/11/16
I am going to try a level with the new art assets  on a new branch to see if I like it and if it is worth it to me.